The Joe Rogan.
Experience. When people talk about, um,
Russia collusion and they talk about, we, we kind of lost our way. Right. And,
you know, everybody's kind of guilty of it,
whether it's Mueller and his investigative team,
or whether it's Congress or whether it's just the general public,
we all kind of lost a way over the past couple of years,
imagining somehow that the big story here was, uh,
Trump's collusion. Right? Well, that was a political Dodge, right?
That was a shell game that was being played on us.
It was the big story is what did Russia specifically do?
Right? What exactly did they do? How did they do it?
How successful were they show us some case studies of specific examples.
That's what an investigative team should have been doing for two years and then
deliver that information and keep throwing it out at the public and keep
talking to the public about it. A guarantee of the, the, the, the GRU and, uh,
and, and others, uh, the FSU at the, in, in the Intel services, in the,
in Russia, they're happy that we didn't do that, right? Because again,
they've been in advancing, they've been improving their, their capabilities.
They're going to do it again.
So I guess that's why I keep beating on this is that I don't think we,
we really focused our attention where we needed to,
because we all get lost in this political. And.
Well, I feel,
I feel like this is the most easily manipulated we've ever been as a,
as a culture. Like,
I think it's so easy to spin these narratives and to get people upset
about anything. Right. And I th I feel like a lot of these are test cases.
Like they're trying to see, like, what happens when we spin up this story? How,
how outraged did they get at that story? Like.
Well, look it, and look at this, look at the issue of racism, you know,
look at it, look at, I mean,
th th that thing gets thrown out there now to the point where it's, it's,
you know? Yeah. I hate to say it, but it's, it's almost losing its,
its meaning in a sense, right.
They just keep hammering away and any anybody they disagree with and I'm talking
about, uh, the, the, the hard left of progressive you're a racist, right?
It's not possible that you could possibly disagree on policy, right? Like the,
the, whatever that's a squad, you know, AOC and her competitors.
I don't give a about, you know, where they're from.
I care about the fact that their policies, from my perspective,
other people I'm sure love them, you know, a screwed up and screwed up about.
Their policies.
Well, um, I'm not a democratic socialist, right?
So, um, I,
I have a problem with everything from you look at the green new deal, right?
And this idea that we're going to roll this out and the economic impact we know,
or I specifically talking about the economic impact.
I think what they're doing is they're just,
they're playing to their base and they're doing it successfully and
people hear about it and nobody wants to be righteous.
Everybody wants to think sure. If I care about the environment,
let's get rid of emissions, that'll be a great idea.
And whether it's that or open borders, um, and the idea that somehow we're,
you know, do I think we're running concentration camps down south? No,
I don't think that that that's up, that we would,
that's the terminology that we would have, right.
For detainments for detainment centers and you know, what you want to you,
you want to make it better. Well, great. Let's,
let's actually do what your job is. Let's make some changes to the, to the,
to the, uh, immigration rules and to, to asylum laws. Let's, uh,
put some more money down there, um,
and make conditions a little bit better.
There's things that we could in terms of concrete steps, but we don't,
we don't seem to want to do that.
We seem to want to just throw around at each other. And, and I, I,
but the open border Singh is, is, is, uh, is, is worrisome.
There's a guy named John Norris who was just on, um, uh, my friend,
Steve Rinella, his podcast, it's called the mediator podcast. And he's a, uh,
a warden he's a game warden.
And one of the things that they had to deal with somewhere along the line was
they had to become enforcers for illegal drug, uh,
drug, marijuana growing, um,
these establishments in public lands in national parks.
So these guys that were supposed to be just catching people with too many trout
on the stringer are now being forced to stop illegal grow ops.
And it's all cartel members.
And what he's saying is that 80 to 90% of all of the marijuana
that gets sold illegally in this country,
in the Midwest and all these different places where it's illegal is coming out
of these grow ups.
And a lot of it is tainted with dangerous pesticides because these guys are
trying to,
they're actually using poisons to keep animals from eating the marijuana.
So these kids that are, or whoever the is buying it,
they're buying this pot from these illegal places. No, one's testing this stuff.
You don't know what the you're getting. And you very well could be smoking pot.
That's poisoning you.
Yeah. There's uh, uh, a guy that I know really good guy.
So he's a huge landowner here in California, uh,
to the point where you can spend all day on an ATV and still not, you know,
get to the end of one of his, uh, plots of land.
I don't know if you call it a plot of land. And anyway, he's had those, uh,
incidents, right. He's had where they, it's such a massive, uh,
piece of property that, uh,
a small element from a cartel will set up a grow spot there.
And you know, they'll camouflage. It it's very well done. Uh,
they bring in the piping for the water,
cause it w pot uses a huge amount of water.
That's I was talking about one of them, they brought in,
they had a pipe that went for three miles. Yeah.
These kids carried it on their back. Yeah.
See, that's what these guys do. And then, and then eventually, you know,
you gotta go in there and bust it up, but it's,
it's people that stumble across it that, you know,
they're just out there doing their regular ranching job and, and it it's it's,
it is fascinating. I like, I don't know. Um.
I feel like we should take those guys and reprogram them.
You get a guy who's willing to carry a hundred pounds of piping on his back and
walk eight miles into the Backwoods. That's a industrious individual.
You got to, you got to Laura, I'm away from the cartel with a better deal.
Cause that guy worked for a, uh, competing corporation. He'd be like, look,
I like the way you do right.
Give him a job on the ranch. And I.
Found this guy and he was working for Verizon. They'd be like, Hey,
come on over here, man.
You're putting in the time this guy's carrying three miles of hose on his back,
that's work. That's it.
That's what we call it. Yeah. So use that. You use your power for good,
not evil. That's what I tell my boys. It's hard.
Though, because evil's font. I think.
It's a way within the short term, it could be more lucrative. Yeah. Right.
There is that. And they have a record and probably murderer as well.
All right.
So maybe we're not talking about someone you're going to hire as a landscaper.
They're your home. But, uh, but you do, your point is open borders.
Open borders, not a good idea. There's a lot of bad people that are getting in.
And it's not, it's not a stretch. This is not,
if anybody who imagines this to be a stretcher,
or it's going to take offense at this, every nation maintains borders,
every nation maintain some element of, of immigration controls and,
and borders, uh, protection. Um,
the idea that we shouldn't have that we should somehow feel exceptionally bad
about it is, is I don't quite understand that mentality.
Well, we should feel bad when we see someone who's just a poor mother.
Who's trying to come over to America to get a better job because she's stuck in
Guatemala and it sucks over there.
And there's no opportunity whatsoever for her to Excel. Right?
That's a different animal than someone who is a member of some
terrible cartel gang that comes over.
The question is how do we differentiate and how do we make it? So that,
that woman who's a mom can come over here. Right? How do we make it?
So it's legal. That's the real question. Right.
And that's when I was, but that's not what they're addressing. Right. Right.
Yeah. Well,
how many decades now have we heard about immigration controls and immigration
process and regulations and policy and then nothing ever gets done?
And so it may be, and again,
I think one of the things that's interesting about Trump, um,
is as, as, as strange as, as it is the environment,
I mean maybe the fact that he is disruptive and sometimes it doesn't seem to
give a. Maybe that's a good thing.
Cause it gets us talking and gets us talking in areas that we haven't before and
in ways that we haven't before.
So maybe that results in something maybe like the Chinese, uh,
the public's just going to wait for him to go.
And then it will get back to business as usual that may.
And even business as usual. The concern is like, if,
how do you differentiate between someone who's coming in illegally because they
want a better life versus someone who's coming in illegally because they're
literally going to commit murder and sell fentanyl and deal, you know,
incredible harm to whatever community they wind up in.
And they're a member of Ms. 13, and they're going to hear,
there's both things that are going on at the same time.
And you're a heartless person.
If you don't want that lady with a child from Guatemala to come over here and do
better. And she's probably going to work as hard,
if not harder than any good old-fashioned red blooded American,
that's over here trying to make their way through this world.
And why should we be able to have this opportunity when they can't one of the
beautiful things about America, right? Is that like,
if you're a poor person and you live in Baltimore,
you can get your and get out and you can move to maybe Silicon valley or you
can move somewhere where there's more prosperity,
there's more opportunity and you can get something.
Or they're poor people in Baltimore. Uh, I heard there are.
I heard there's I gotta pay attention. Some sort of a, there's a word.
What is the word? He used infestation.
Infestation of rat infestation.
You can't use infestation when you're talking about certain neighborhoods.
People get mad, even though he said infested with crime and rats, he's still.
It doesn't matter. The, the, the, the key here is,
and it's a democratic talking point, right? I mean, this is a,
this is a strategy and that's fine. Both parties use different strategies. And,
uh, you know, but the, the Dems have obviously decided in this period of time,
because it's so intense, there was clearly discussions within wherever the,
the DNC or elsewhere that this is our policy. We are going to push this.
And we're just, you just keep hammering that word, racist, racist, racist,
no matter what, and it's going to stick. And it, and it does because you just,
you, you get hit by that hammer and you kind of, you're staring into the light.
You don't know how to respond. Right. So, and you think, oh my God,
I'm not a racist, but then, you know, you know, you're like, Senator,
you're still beating your wife. And so it's, it's one of those things you can't,
you can't answer. Um,
but I think it's because it's like calling everybody a Nazi. It's, you know,
it loses its, its its importance and its, and its meaning and, and you know,
um, anyway, it's, it's a, it's a strange, strange time,
but I think you can do both. You can, you can take care of that,
that woman with the kid or kids and, and you can also, um, you know,
look at the issue of border security, right?
And it enhance your ability to understand who's coming across the border
and cost money and it, and it requires effort. But you can do, you can do both.
I don't think.
I think you can do both, but I think the real big picture, the real big picture,
like if you had to look at the solution objective,
really the real problem is Mexico has like real economic
situations that we don't have here in America are they're far worse off in a lot
of the areas. And as his Guatemala, as his neighbor, El Salvador,
neighboring countries are economically devastated until they are not
until they come up and until they experience prosperity,
you're always going to have people that are committing crime because they're
wanting to try to get by.
And you're always going to have people that are going to want to try to get to
America because it's a place where there's more opportunity.
That's the real issue. The real issue is that.
Much better over here. Right. And that's, and that makes sense.
And you get the same thing with immigration and, and movement of, of, uh,
of people over in Europe coming up from, from wherever, which is the Mexico,
which is the Brexit argument in part, I mean,
it's not just based around immigration,
but it's more control of your own nation's, uh, security and destiny, et cetera.
But I think that that's, you could argue that national security, um,
from a us perspective, uh, would warrant, um,
improving your ability to impact nations like watermark El Salvador,
uh, wherever, uh,
and working with Mexico to not just improve sort of the security,
the liaison that goes on and improving that. But you're right. I mean,
working conditions, uh, criminal, you know, uh, or crime and, and instability,
um, that's in our national security. I know people get, you know,
they get very upset. I said, why should we give countries money? Well,
in part you're right. I mean,
sometimes you give them money and it just goes down some and it doesn't,
you know, and I don't mean to, I'm not talking about the country,
I'm just talking, literally it goes into a hole and it never comes back.
It's in corruption and they absorb it and at the highest levels of government.
Yeah. And so there's no, there's no controls over how that money is spent.
There's no,
there's no metrics to say whether it's spent wisely at the end of the day.
So you can, you, but I, I would argue that. Yeah, I agree. I mean,
it's in our national security interest when we're talking about, um, uh,
border security,
immigration to view that as sort of the top line issue,
why are they, why are they on the move? Well, like you said,
they're on the move because they want a better life because where they're adding
good. Yes. How do you work with them? And that's, you know, that's,
I think people sometimes look at that and think, well,
that's pushing a rock up a hill. It's never going to happen.
And so maybe they just stop. Right. But, um,
we've ignored Latin America, central America, south America for decades. Right.
Which is how we ended up in part with Chavez and Maduro have to follow. And,
and some of the horseshit that went on down there, uh, because we,
we ignored it. We didn't give it the resources.
We didn't give it the attention and we didn't treat it seriously as a national
security concern. We were all focused on wherever,
improving relations in Southeast Asia or elsewhere. So yeah,
we need to refocus and I think ultimately, do we see it immediately? No,
but I think so. Anyway, it's.